No care to send you. Mr. Gu, let me update my words.
This is the DNA test report of you and Zhao Xueer.
The results showed that there was no relationship.
Zhao Xueer is serious, the villain's performance when he finds out,
Makes me concerned. But there is no evidence,
I don't want to disturb you. I did a DNA test secretly.
Make sure he is a liar. I dare to tell you.
Not at the expense of others. Lived. How dare you cheat on my feelings for my sister.
Enjoying the gift I gave my sister.
Stay with my caring body and hope. bully my sister,
Send her in and take her out. Regardless.
Just thinking about home. Thank you,
For the sake of you being Jiaojiao’s brother
Just like you did before
I didn't tell you before
give you a surprise
Your surprise is too frightening, right?
Grandma, do you want to give it away?
And after the test is over
The elder of that class meeting